The comic manga convention was held in a well-known multipurpose room
and anime
Several passionate youngsters gathered to demonstrate their creations and their
identical dresses wings to your favorite characters
come will be very good and emanate also
and that encourages the agencies of Medina and Jorge Perlaza, which have a
unequivocal
but what are the food damages
the planet
this annual plan of parliamentary action and parliament but before
nowadays
the islands the appointment
They are very good German who does not like the ine
the note is added the most popular sakura that to sing is a very girl
pretty
and not anymore it's also a nice classic between circle exhibitions
viking sale of products
exhibitors workshops conferences video games custom and others is what
it could be seen in this 2011 convention
the official voice in mexico of the character coco of the caricature already with bolt sect
it was the surprise expected by many and it was brought with a total good success the day
today we are introducing maria castañeda to zero with steely
deaths in accra very renowned dubbing was here by agency ap in directing
the encryption shouted when they drive in the mecca
esther gordillo the character and the opening attitude of the fair good
parliamentary state
before arriving this same agent taking what were video game dynamic
let's hope an excellent driving
the subject has nothing transporting having
efe the treatment of a dynamic winning debate
and also to the needs of while two plants half of season but
related to the anime industry
congratulations to the youth that is of the organization
and in favor of supporting these events that are maintained with considerable
assistance and contribution to the culture of the same followers